samples: dect_phy: dect_shell: mac: rach_tx: interval support (#18915)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/dect/dect_phy/dect_shell/README.rst

            Payload length: 0
            Received padding data, len 0, payload is not printed

> * PT/client side - Send JSON formatted periodic RA data in 10 seconds interval with a current modem temperature to the scanned beacon:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PT/client side - Send JSON-formatted periodic RA data in 10-second intervals with the current modem temperature to the scanned beacon:
```
